Add support for new `/v2/query` endoint (#1897)
pydantic/logfire: docs/how-to-guides/query-api.md

This API can be used to retrieve data for export, analysis, or integration with other tools, allowing you to leverage
your data in a variety of ways.

> The API POST endpoint is available at `https://logfire-api.pydantic.dev/v2/query` and requires a **read token** for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API is available at `https://logfire-api.pydantic.dev/v2/query` and requires a **read token** for authentication.
```

I'm not sure if we should still be documenting https://logfire-api.pydantic.dev/ instead of region-specific URLs.

        FROM records
        LIMIT 1
        """
        min_timestamp = datetime.now(tz=UTC) - timedelta(hours=2)

        async with AsyncLogfireQueryClient(read_token='<your_read_token>') as client:
            # Load data as JSON

>             json_rows = await client.query_json_rows(sql=query,min_timestamp=min_timestamp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            json_rows = await client.query_json_rows(sql=query, min_timestamp=min_timestamp)
```

pytest-examples should have failed on this not being formatted, something is wrong. Maybe the whole block being indented gets in the way?

Author: Yes, pytest-examples has a poor approach when it comes to detect code blocks. I would recommend migrating to https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/formatter/#markdown-code-formatting, but it is still in preview.

(Also this will run formatting as part of linting, and not tests, which isn't expected to me).

Author: It might also be the `skip-run="true"` that prevents linting it.

Reviewer: skip-run shouldn't be the problem.

formatting during linting sounds nice. but i think it's good to fail if a python code block is invalid python, looks like ruff wouldn't do that.

Author: Opened https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/issues/25523.

cursor.execute('SELECT start_timestamp, message FROM records LIMIT 10')
```

/// version-deprecated | v4.35.0

> Setting `min_timestamp` to `None` to `connect()` or on the cursor is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `min_timestamp` to `None` in `connect()` or on the cursor is deprecated.
```

LIMIT 1
"""

# Prepare the body for the POST request

> body = {'sql': query}

Reviewer: needs a min timestamp

### Additional Configuration

The Logfire API supports various response formats and body parameters to give you flexibility in how you retrieve your data:

- **Response Format**: Use the `Accept` header to specify the response format. Supported values include:
    - `application/json`: Returns the data in JSON format. By default, this will be column-oriented unless specified otherwise with the `json_rows` parameter.
    - `application/vnd.apache.arrow.stream`: Returns the data in Apache Arrow format, suitable for high-performance data processing.
    - `text/csv`: Returns the data in CSV format, which is easy to use with many data tools.
    - If no `Accept` header is provided, the default response format is JSON.
- **Body Parameters**:
    - **`sql`**: The SQL query to execute. This is the only required query parameter.
    - **`min_timestamp`**: An optional ISO-format timestamp to filter records with `start_timestamp` greater than this value for the `records` table
      or `recorded_timestamp` greater than this value for the `metrics` table. The same filtering can also be done manually within the query itself.

>       If not provided, defaults to a day from now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If not provided, defaults to a day before the current time.
```

Why have we gone with a default instead of requiring it, and why is it defaulting to a day and not less? I think we want to bias towards users querying only as much time as they need.

    - **`max_timestamp`**: Similar to `min_timestamp`, but serves as an upper bound for filtering `start_timestamp` in the `records` table or `recorded_timestamp` in the `metrics` table. The same filtering can also be done manually within the query itself.

>     - **`limit`**: An optional parameter to limit the number of rows returned by the query. If not specified, **the default limit is 1000**. The maximum allowed value is 10,000.

Reviewer: isn't the default 100?

>     - **`params`**: An optional object mapping prepared-statement placeholder names to their substitution values. For example, with the query `SELECT * FROM records WHERE service_name = $svc`, pass `{"svc": "'my_service'"}` as `params` (note the inner quotes — values are inlined verbatim into the SQL).

Reviewer: > values are inlined verbatim into the SQL

There's no proper interpolation? So this doesn't help with things like SQL injection? What makes the feature useful? It seems like getting the quotes wrong is an easy footgun.
